FaceFX UE4 Plugin Documentation
===============================

First, make sure you have read over the FaceFX UE4 Plugin [README](../README.md), specifically the information concerning the [LICENSE](../LICENSE.md).

The FaceFX UE4 Plugin Documentation is organized into the following main sections:

+ [Requirements and Key Concepts](RequirementsAndKeyConcepts.md) - Details the requirements and key concepts needed to use and understand the FaceFX UE4 Plugin. **Read this first**.

+ [Setup](Setup.md) - Details the setup process for FaceFX Studio Professional, the FaceFX UE4 Plugin, and UE4 character setup.

+ [Iteration](Iteration.md) - Once your character is setup and has successfully been imported into Unreal Engine 4, you will no doubt want to iterate on that character and its animations. This section details that process.

+ [Blueprint Nodes](BlueprintNodes.md) - Details the FaceFX Blueprint nodes made available by the FaceFX UE4 Plugin.

+ [Sequencer](Sequencer.md) - Details the FaceFX integration with Sequencer.

+ [Configuration](Configuration.md) - Details FaceFX UE4 Plugin configuration options.

+ [Context Menus](ContextMenus.md) - Details the additional items added to Unreal Editor asset right-click context menus by the FaceFX UE4 Plugin.

+ [Linking and Unlinking Animations](LinkingAndUnlinkingAnimations.md) - Details what linking and unlinking animations means.

+ [Errors and Warnings](ErrorsAndWarnings.md) - Details the various errors and warning generated by the FaceFX UE4 Plugin.

+ [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting.md) - Details solutions to common problems with using the FaceFX UE4 Plugin.
